Adding guidance about how to use internal structures on public headers (#1611)
Azure/azure-sdk: docs/clang/implementation.md

{% include requirement/MUSTNOT id="clang-style-publicapi-hdr-includes" %} include internal or private headers in public headers.

{% include requirement/MUSTNOT id="clang-style-publicapi-hdr-expose" %} expose internal implementation details (fields, types, or methods) within the public surface area and header files. The following **note** issues one exception to this guidance.

> **Note**: It is allowed for a public header to declare internal structures to be used **only** within another internal structure or API. See example below.

For example, the following **can** be part of a public header.
{% highlight c %}
// internal structure only used by another _internal field
typedef struct {
      int x;
} _az_internal_structure;

// Public structure with a nested `_internal` structure
typedef struct {
      int y; // Public field in a public struct.
      struct {

>             _az_internal_structure nested; // This is OK

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
            _az_internal_structure nested; // This is OK.
```

      } _internal;
} az_public_struct;
{% endhighlight %}

On the contrary, the following **cannot** be part of a public header.
{% highlight c %}

> // Public structure with a nested `_internal` structure

Reviewer: This comment doesn't match the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Public structure with an internal struct exposed as a public field rather than within a nested `_internal` struct.
```

{% include requirement/MUSTNOT id="clang-style-publicapi-hdr-includes" %} include internal or private headers in public headers.

> **Note**: It is allowed to a public header to declare internal structures to be used **only** within another internal structure/API. See example below.

Below code **can** be part of a public header.

{% highlight c %}
// internal structure only used by another _internal field
typedef struct {
      int x;
} _az_internal_structure;

> // Public structure with one internal field `_internal`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Public structure with a nested `_internal` struct
```

typedef struct {

>       int y;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      int y; // Public field in a public struct.
```

      struct {

>             _az_private_struct; // This is OK

Reviewer: That's the type. Give it a name.
```suggestion
            _az_private_struct nested; // This is OK.
```

      } _internal;
} az_public_struct;
{% endhighlight %}

> Below code **can not** be part of a public header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the contrary, the following **cannot** be part of a public header.
```

{% highlight c %}
// internal structure only used by another _internal field
typedef struct {
      int x;

> } _az_internal_structure;

Reviewer: Do we have to repeat this or can we remove it?

> // Public structure with one internal field `_internal`

Reviewer: This needs to be updated.

typedef struct {

>       int y;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      int y; // Public field in a public struct.
```

>       _az_private_struct; // This is not OK. Exposing internal field as public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      _az_internal_structure; // This is not OK. Exposing internal field as public.
```
